what does a SDET do:
Test the software mostly websites like facebook amazon etc.
you will be checking if all the links on a website work properly.
all the dropdown text boxes etc.
Why we don't want to test websites manually?
because it's very slow.
How Computers work.
Task1:
Bobs manager wants him to do below task.
Pick 30 boxes from point A
place those boxes at point b.
For this scheme to work:
    1) Bob and his manager both should understand written English.
    2) Bob should be able to perform this task.

Similarly, if we want a computer to do something for us what do we need?
If we want a computer to solve a problem for us, we need two main things.
We need to provide information about that task and instructions on how to
use that information and perform that task. Because computers are very good
at processing numbers and text we will be using these two forms to provide the
information to the computer.
Because we need to store information with instruction we use variables and as
the surrounding information exists in different forms we use different type
of variables to store that information.
Types of Variables in Java:
    There are two main data types primitives and non primitives.
Primitives:
    primitive data types are basic they are very efficient in storing the data but sometimes
    requires a lot of work to store and process the information.
Non-primitives:
    require more space and are easier to work with.
Let's discuss Primitives:
    What are primitives data types:
    Primitives data types are used to store the information in a computer program.
    Why I should learn about primitive data types?
    Because all other data types are built using these primitives. They require minimum memory to store
    information.
    How can I use Primitive data types?
    1) we need to specify the data type(it can be primitive or non-primitive)
    2) we need to give a name to the box so that we can get back this information if we need it in future.
    3) we can use = to store the information.
    int box1=12;












